Software Idea.

I want to make a stat tracker for a game I play alot. Brawl Stars. A mobile 3v3 game with a bunch of different gamemodes, events, and etc. Players can progress alone, or with clubmates, and friends.
 The main stat of the game is wins & losses. 
The sub stats can include average wins, wins per day, losses per day, etc. Im thinking I can go as far as making summaries per month. Stats can also go towards skins owned, characters(brawlers) owned, resources owned, etc. The game also has a prestige system so listing out ranks, ranked games, prestiges brawlers, etc.

The main reason I chose this was because I've seen a lot of stat trackers for games I play and I've always wondered how they get your stats. I found out they use official APIs from the games to track/scan those stats and shwcase them in some kind of app or website. I'd like to practice using API's since gaming is one of the things im interested in.
So whie I was researching I've heard there a method called "Screen scraping and overlays". It entails using platforms like OverWolf Appstore to render live graphical overlays and capture real-time visual or memory states while a game runs.

There are backend databases where raw data feeds are sent to cloud servers or local databases, where code normalizes the numbers into clear metric, averages and progress charts. 

The main practice will involve data parsing, so I also need to fortify my knowledge on file reading/writing, translating/transforming bytes, and characters. Lastly, the process of updating files/logs to simulate incremental data. The data in a players account is always changing, unless they stop playing of course. There will need to be dynamic implementations in place to make sure a specific players data is updated constantly.

My plan right now is to research the tools i'll need for a game like brawlstars, the databases I can access. The ideal language for what Im trying to build. I've used java the longest, I also used python a bit, and C is my most recent. 

<Dr. Hubert's comment>
You need to add more information about what technology you use to build this mobile game and Who are the users.

a195b12ecba056afc034aab5c47b6006106d93c5
